
### Installing Docker

- **Add yourself to the docker group.** 
	- `su -`
	- `adduser user docker`
	- `reboot`
	- **Why would I have you do this?** 
		- To be able to utilize the docker service without having to use sudo

- **Pull a docker container from docker hub.**** 
	- **`docker pull ubuntu`
- **Run the container in an interactive shell (docker run -it CONATAINER_NAME).** 
	- `docker run -it ubuntu`
- **Exit the container (just want to make sure you can exit).** 
	- `CTRL + D`
- **Start up the container again.** 
	- `docker run -it ubuntu`
- **Make a small python program in the container (maybe a “hello world”).** 
	- `apt update -y`
	- `apt install python3 -y`
	- `echo "print('Hello World')" > hello.py`
	- `python3 hello.py`
- **Run it. Exit the container.** 

- **Start the same container image. Is the program still there. Document everything. Commands run and reason why (excluding install).**
	- The program is not still there because containers are ephemeral, meaning they are volatile and do not save contents or changes when you rerun the containerized instance.

- **What is a hypervisor?** 
	- A hypervisor is a component/service that manages virtual machines/instances. With hypervisors, we can allocate resources from our host computer to any virtual machine/instance we spin up. There are 2 types of hypervisors: Type 1 hypervisors are also known as bare-metal hypervisors because they have direct access to hardware resources. Type 2 hypervisors are installed on a host operating system, a system administrator must manually allocate resources for the hypervisor, that in turn distributes to the virtual machines.

- **Do containers use them?**
	- **Containers** operate at the operating system level and share the host OS kernel. They encapsulate applications along with their libraries and dependencies. Containers are efficient because they don’t need to include a guest operating system for each application, they share the host’s kernel but maintain separate user spaces. Hypervisors operate at the hardware level and create virtual machines that include their own operating systems. Containers themselves do not utilize hypervisors.