### What is the OWASP Top 10:
- The OWASP Top 10 is a list of the most common attack methods attackers might initiate to compromise a web server. The current top five is: 
	- **Broken Access Control**
		- Methods with which attackers can use to perform actions outside of the intended permissions.
	- **Cryptographic Failures**
		- Old/weak cryptographic algorithms, lack of encryption, no digital certificates
	- **Injection**
		- Lack of input sanitization, attackers can utilize SQL inputs to manipulate data or retrieve data from a server.
	- **Insecure Design**
		- Pretty general attack method. Stems from bad infrastructure design by things like having a single point of failure, prioritizing high availability over security.
	- **Security Misconfiguration**
		- Lack of authentication methods, zero hardening, no error handling.

### What is a Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE):
- Common Weakness Enumeration is a categorized system for weaknesses and vulnerabilities in hardware and software programs. The current top 5:
	- **Out of bounds write**
		- This occurs due to poor code implementation. The attacker can write arbitrary data outside of the bounds of the application, causing unintended results.
	- **Cross-Site Scripting**
		- This attack happens due to a lack of input sanitization. The attacker is able to write javascript to a page which then returns that script to users.
	- **SQL Injection**
		- This attack also happens due to a lack of input sanitization and also no stored procedure implementation. This attack allows attackers to inject SQL queries into an input to directly manipulate or read a database.
	- **Use after free**
		- This attack causes a program to crash because a function call attempts to read or write to memory that no longer exists.
	- **Command Injection**
		- The attacker is able to write arbitrary code to the program or server, cause unintended consequences that allow them to gain a foothold or even establish persistence.
### What is the correlation between the two
- Both the OWASP Top Ten and the Common Weakness Enumeration (CWE) aim to describe the most common vulnerabilities in various environments through categorized systems.


**Sources Cited:**
- https://cwe.mitre.org/data/definitions/1425.html
- https://owasp.org/www-project-top-ten/



