### Give me examples of each principle as it does (or does not) apply to your deployment.  

- **Principle of least privilege**
	- We implemented the principle of least privilege by restricting sudo access to a single person. Doing this not only lessens method of entry, but also helps with controlling conflicts of sudo actions occurring simultaneously that might break something if not reviewed and acted upon by the one person who knows how the server is implemented.
- **Principle of economy of mechanism**
	- Our setup is relatively simple for how secure it really is. The setup process is intended to be done by following an online guide, and the setup process takes less than 30 minutes. Another way we've implemented this concept is that we aren't overcomplicating our website design. It does exactly as it is meant to do without any extra features like newsletters.
- **Principle of fail-safe defaults**
	- I don't believe we implemented this feature of implicit deny, but I think this model would help our IPTables rules with just having an allow-list to explicitly allow connections on things like SSH. A solution such as this would make defending SSH not something we would have to worry about.
- **Principle of open design**
	- Our design structure is fairly open in the sense that we aren't hiding any services. A simple "NMAP" would reveal everything we're utilizing. We have a very defined method of access to our web server, by simply connecting through our nginx proxy. This method of entry is defended well enough that we don't have to utilize "security by obscurity".
- **Define the principle of least common mechanism and give an example.**  
	- This methodology is all about minimizing potential impact if a breach does occur. The goal is that when a breach happens, lateral movement cannot happen because access to the resource that was breached was minimized. One example of this principle is the concept of not reusing passwords. If passwords are reused and a breach occurs, lateral movement or pivoting becomes trivial.