
### What are some differences between cgroups versions 1 and 2?  
- **cgroupsv1**
	- In cgroupsv1, each subsystem is mounted independently.
	- In cgroupsv1, a mounted controller can be directly used without explicitly allowing.
- **cgroupsv2**
	- In cgroupsv2, each subsystem is mounted in the same directory
	- In cgroupsv2, mounted controllers but be explicitly allowed in order for us to set resource constraints.
- Overall, cgroupsv2 offers a unified hierarchy with a parent-child model, whereas cgroupsv1 offers a more segmented model where each subsystem is independent.
### Where can I find what group a process is a part of?  
- Within the */proc* directory, we can find the PID of the process, if we cat out the cgroup section we can see the cgroup name that it's part of.

### Where can I see what is limited in a particular control group?  
- To find out what is currently being limited for processes within a cgroup, we can look in the */sys/fs/cgroup/<cgroup_dir>* directory. Inside that directory, we can find files like *io.max* which will contain a constraint that we set on IO write or read bytes per second.

### Locate resources for the two control group versions, specifically what the different group attributes are.  
- **cgroupsv1**
	- Includes blkio, memory, and pids
	- Within each subsystem, we have to create directories for our cgroup to individually assign each resource constraint.
		- **blkio**
			- A single *throttle_write_bps_device*
		- **memory**
			- *memory.limit_in_bytes*
		- **pids**
			- *pids.max*
- **cgroupsv2**
	- */sys/fs/cgroup* we define what our cgroups have access to via *cgroup.subtree_control*
	- We create a child directory that is auto-populated with files that allow for resource constraint.
	- Within each cgroup directory, we can add or remove resources within the limits of our parent. Overall following the unified hierarchy model.
		- */sys/fs/cgroup/cgroup_example*
			- *io.max*
			- *cgroup.subtree_control*
			- ...
		- */sys/fs/cgroup/cgroup_example2*
			- *io.max*
			- *cgroup.subtree_control*
			- ...