## Moving Target Defense

```
"Assume an expert thief is able to pick the lock to any door. The goal of MTD is not to build a better lock. This is, without doubt, a laudable and necessary goal for improving the door’s security, but this mission is left to other security solutions. Instead, the goal of an MTD security strategy is to make the door and the door’s lock difficult or impossible for the thief to find."

		- Gartner 
```

- #### Port Hopping
	- `Port hopping` is a mechanism we can implement into our network to obfuscate the port our services are hosted on. If the attackers can find an exposed port to attack, they will have a limited amount of time to execute whatever method they want. 
	- This is all about turning static defense into dynamic, effectively changing our environment to make it harder to perform reconnaissance.
- #### Network Address Shuffling
	- `Network Address Shuffling (NAS)` is similar to port hopping, except instead of ports we change the network address. Doing this obfuscates our environment; attackers can't begin attacking our environment if our environment is constantly changing.
- ### MITRE Relations
	- Implementing both of these moving target defense strategies effectively is applicable in every section. The MITRE framework is based on the fact that you're environment will remain static. If we can constantly change our surface, attackers will struggle to find a foothold to move on.
- ### Other MTD Technique
	- **Dynamic Data**
		- Everything we covered is within the dynamic network field. 
		- Dynamic Data can be implemented to masquerade our infrastructure such that, even when they get past our network defense, they wont be able to pivot and attack our infrastructure because they can't figure out things like what our operating system is. This covers things like privilege escalation actions.

